Readme improvements (#66)
kommitters/chaincerts-smart-contracts: README.md

- [**Cert Wallet Contract**](https://github.com/kommitters/chaincerts_governance/tree/main/certs_wallet):
  The `cert_wallet` contract stores the Chaincerts of a specific user, and each user must have their own `cert_wallet`. This contract allows users to view their Chaincerts, add organizations authorized to issue certificates to them, and execute distribution and revocation actions on their certificates. Only functions that can be executed by the `cert_governance` contract can modify certificates in a `cert_wallet`.

## System overview

> The following image shows the communication of each contract with the Stellar network and the interaction between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image explains how the smart contracts handle the certificates governance process.
```

![Flow of the system](how_it_works.png)

## Pre-requirements

> To be able to work with the contracts, you first need some programs or dependencies, for this you can read the following guide: [Soroban setup](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/getting-started/setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to work with the contracts, you'll need to install Rust and Soroban, this process is explained on the [Soroban setup](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/getting-started/setup).
```

## Setup
``` 
# Clone the repository 
git clone git@github.com:kommitters/chaincerts_governance.git

# Build the project and get dependencies 
cd chaincerts_governance
cargo build
 ```

## Testing
To test the contract run `cargo test -- --show-output` or ` cargo test -- --nocapture`

> ## Contracts workflow

Reviewer: In general, I think there are things that are unclear, and if you don't have enough context you're going to get lost with these steps, let's discuss a better approach for explaining the contracts workflow, which can also be more concrete

<a name="revoke"></a>
```
  soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- revoke \
    --admin <org-public-key> \
    --holder <receiver-public-key> \
    --wallet_contract_id <wallet_contract_id>
```

<a name="other_functions"></a>
# Other functions

## Certs Governane
1. This function returns the name of the certificate
```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- name
```
2. This function returns whether the certificate is revocable or not.
```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- is_revocable
```

> 3. This function returns the expiration time of the certificate after its distribution.

Reviewer: Actually this returns only the expiration time, used for calculating the expiration date during the distribution
```suggestion
3. This function returns the expiration time used to calculate the expiration_date.
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- expiration_time
```

> 4. This function returns the number of certificates we can distribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. This function returns the number of certificates the contract allows to distribute.
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- distribution_limit
```

> 6. This function returns the number of certificates we have distributed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. This function returns the number of certificates already distributed.
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- supply
```

> 7. This function return then name of decentralized storage service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. This function return then name of decentralized storage service used for storing the certificates data.
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- file_storage
```

> 8. This function returns the receivers that we have stored in the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. This function returns the receivers stored in the contract.
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- receivers
```

> 9. This function returns information related to the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. This function returns the contract information provided during the initialization.
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <org-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- info
```

## Certs wallet
1. This function allows us to remove an organization from the `Access Control List`.
```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account SA6BUT3AQCI757TGKZDZYFOX6ABNNR4SOSB3IS6POZ4D7EUOPOBEFB4C \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id b38c29ee40c874afebd34b6b82b9d2107ef87045d475db8b074e2e02c8d49f77 \
    -- remove_organization \
    --org_id 6f726731
```

> 2. This function returns all the chaincerts that have been sent to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. This function returns all the chaincerts held by the wallet
```

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account SA6BUT3AQCI757TGKZDZYFOX6ABNNR4SOSB3IS6POZ4D7EUOPOBEFB4C \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id b38c29ee40c874afebd34b6b82b9d2107ef87045d475db8b074e2e02c8d49f77 \
    -- get_chaincerts
```

> 3. This function returns the organizations we have in the `Access Control List`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. This function returns the authorized organizations in the wallet's `Access Control List`.
```

## System overview
The following image illustrates how the smart contracts manage the certificate governance process.
![Flow of the system](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89233604/232091954-1aff8267-4f0d-4f01-8c40-775fa91cd397.png)

## Contracts workflow
1. In order to deploy the contracts, we require an account that can be created on the Stellar laboratory using the Friendbot tool.
2. Two critical aspects are involved in this process: the wallet contract, which enables users to hold and manage their certificates, and the governance contract, which allows organizations to issue, verify, and distribute certificates to user wallets.
3. Both contracts need to be initialized to add the fundamental configuration to them.
4. To enable organizations to distribute certificates to the wallet, wallets must include these organizations on their access control list for authorization purposes.
5. Once a wallet authorizes an organization, it can proceed with certificate distribution using the governance contract.
    * Organizations can revoke certificates as well, provided that revocability is allowed by the governance contract.

> 	* Certificates can be set to expire if an expiration_time is specified during the contract initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* Certificates can be set to expire if an **expiration_time** is specified during the contract initialization.
```

	* Revocation of a certificate is only permissible by the organization that distributed it.

## Pre-requirements
To work with the contracts, Rust and Soroban need to be installed. The process for installation is detailed in the [Soroban setup](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/getting-started/setup).

## Setup
``` 
# Clone the repository 
git clone git@github.com:kommitters/chaincerts_governance.git

# Build the project and get dependencies 
cd chaincerts_governance
cargo build
 ```

## Testing

> To test the contract run `cargo test -- --show-output` or ` cargo test -- --nocapture`

Reviewer: Maybe the second way for running the tests is unnecessary, since is more focused on printing stuff with the std:println macro, what do you think? 🤔 
```suggestion
To test the contract run `cargo test -- --show-output`
```

## Contracts deployment and usage

All this steps require the [Pre-requirements](#pre-requirements) and [Setup](#setup) 

1. Build both contracts with `cargo build --target wasm32-unknown-unknown --release`

> 2. Create the deployer account [Futurenet](https://laboratory.stellar.org/#account-creator?network=futurenet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the deployer account with the [Friendbot](https://laboratory.stellar.org/#account-creator?network=futurenet)
```

3. Deploy certs_governance contract
```
soroban contract deploy \
    --source-account <source-account-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --wasm target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/certs_governance.wasm

> sucess

Reviewer: Please fix this typo error in all the deploy instructions
```suggestion
success
```

sucess
<governance_contract_id>
```

> 4. To initialize the certs_governance contract, we can either send the addresses of the receivers who will receive the contract or specify the number of certificates that can be distributed through this contract. If both values are null, the contract will be initialized with a distribution limit of 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To initialize the **certs_governance** contract, we can either send the addresses of the receivers who will receive the contract or specify the number of certificates that can be distributed through this contract. If both values are null, the contract will be initialized with a distribution limit of 10.
```

> > **Note** The `governance_rules` field is a tuple with two fields. The first field is a `bool` value that indicates whether the contract is `revocable` or not. The second field is `expiration_time`, a field of type `OptionU64` that represents the duration of validity of the issued certificate, which is managed in `Epoch Time` format. For this example, we will use the value of `31556926`, which equals one year. This means that the certificate will only be valid for one year after distribution. For more information on this date format, please visit the following website: https://www.unixtimestamp.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** The `governance_rules` argument is a tuple with two fields. The first field is a `bool` value that indicates whether the contract is `revocable` or not. The second field is the `expiration_time`, a field of type `OptionU64` that represents the duration of validity of the issued certificate, which is managed in `Epoch Time` format. For this example, we will use the value of `31556926`, which equals one year. This means that the certificate will only be valid for one year after distribution. For more information on this date format, please visit the following website: https://www.unixtimestamp.com/
```

    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <governance_contract_id> \
    -- initialize \
    --file_storage 66696c65 \
    --name 636f6e74726163742031 \
    --receivers '["<user-account-public-key-1>","<user-account-public-key-2>"]' \
    --distribution_limit null \
    --governance_rules '{ "vec": [{ "bool": true }, { "vec": [{ "symbol": "Some" }, {"u64": 31556926}] }] }' \
    --organization '{"id": "6f726731" , "admin": "<org-account-public-key>"}'
```

**Initialize without expiration_date**

```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account SC54VFEAE3MXFJ2QYR5TCJDZYIYADAJFUPGZIDIEOFTAYQRMOVLRHM6U \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id a13d49e0eb690e002940fe74e8d1304989a1e0f30218ec2317975925e7cfb17e \
    -- initialize \
    --file_storage 66696c65 \
    --name 636f6e74726163742031 \
    --receivers null \
    --distribution_limit 5 \
    --governance_rules '{ "vec": [{ "bool": true }, { "vec": [{ "symbol": "None" }] }] }' \
    --organization '{"id": "6f726731" , "admin": "<org-account-public-key>"}'
```

> 5. Create user account with stellar laboratory [Futurenet](https://laboratory.stellar.org/#account-creator?network=futurenet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create user account with the [Friendbot](https://laboratory.stellar.org/#account-creator?network=futurenet)
```

    -- initialize \
    --owner <user-account-public-key>
```
8. Include the organization on the wallet Access Control List.
```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account <source-account-secret-key> \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id <wallet_contract_id> \
    -- add_organization \
    --org_id 6f726731
```
9. Verify organization was succesfully included.
```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account SA6BUT3AQCI757TGKZDZYFOX6ABNNR4SOSB3IS6POZ4D7EUOPOBEFB4C \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id b38c29ee40c874afebd34b6b82b9d2107ef87045d475db8b074e2e02c8d49f77 \
    -- get_access_control_list
```
10. Verify there aren't chaincerts on the wallet.
```
soroban contract invoke \
    --source-account SA6BUT3AQCI757TGKZDZYFOX6ABNNR4SOSB3IS6POZ4D7EUOPOBEFB4C \
    --rpc-url https://rpc-futurenet.stellar.org:443 \
    --network-passphrase 'Test SDF Future Network ; October 2022' \
    --id b38c29ee40c874afebd34b6b82b9d2107ef87045d475db8b074e2e02c8d49f77 \
    -- get_chaincerts
```

> 11. Once the organization has been added to the Access Control List of the wallet, we can proceed with distributing a certificate from the certs_governance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Once the organization has been added to the Access Control List of the wallet, we can proceed with distributing a certificate from the certs_governance contract.
```
